---
layout: post
title: X-XJTLU
# subtitle:
# excerpt: 
image: "/img/XXJTLU/picture.png"
show-avatar: true
# category: Jekyll
tags: ["XJTLU"]
comments: false
googlefonts: ["Share+Tech+Mono"]




---

{% include about.html footer=true readingtime=true %}

 

Foodborne diseases is the body's intake of contaminated food and cause infection or toxic symptoms of the disease, may poison by bacteria, viruses and parasites, etc One led to the bacteria is the main cause of foodborne illness. In our daily life, for the detection and prevention of foodborne illness is not timely, regular testing method of bacteria in food spent in 5 to 7 days. Although more accurate results can be obtained, the test results are not timely due to the long test time. Therefore, our team aim to develop a fast and convenient test kit to detect bacteria in food.

 



We use edited phages containing LuxR protein-coding genes to infect and lyse target bacteria. In this case Vibrio parahaemolyticus or VP releasing the transfected LuxR. AHL first binds to LuxR forming LuxR-AHL complexes facilitating the dimerization of the complexes. The dimer than activates the downstream cell-free gene circuit, for expression of LuxR coding gene and GFP coding gene. This creates a positive auto-regulation that increases LuxR level. The system also contains a degradation pathway, which constantly degrades LuxR, counteracting with the synthesis pathway. Altogether the synthesis and degradation pathway form a bistable system with a threshold which outputs binary signals depending on the level of the initial input signal. If the LuxR input level is lower than the threshold indicating a bacteria concentration meeting the national criteria, the system will converge to a “Negative” state. If else, when the bacteria concentration fails to meet the criteria, the system will converge to a “Positive” state.

 



 

 

 