---
layout: post
title: T-tongji
# subtitle:
# excerpt: 
image: "/img/Ttongji/picture.png"
show-avatar: true
# category: Jekyll
tags: ["TJU"]
comments: false
googlefonts: ["Share+Tech+Mono"]



---





Antibiotics are considered as a sharp tool to kill bacteria and treat related/relevant diseases.  However, the extensive use of antibiotics may lead to the emergence of superbugs that are highly resistant to antibiotics. Once being infected with superbug it may be in a hopeless predicament. It is expected that more and more people will die of superbug in the next few decades. 



Interestingly, there is a natural bacterial killer, Phage, which specifically infects and destroys pathogenic bacteria, killing only one or one class of bacteria, so they will not damage the normal flora of human body and produce toxic and side effects. Thus, phagotherapy has been developed and become a new weapon of targeted anti-bacterial infection. 



 

But how can we choose phage to intervene in treatment? Due to the high specificity of bacteriophages, it is usually necessary to screen a large number of phages to find bacteriophages against specific strains.



 

The project of Tongji-Software, **Phage-MAP**, is using computer methods to solve this problem. The team members plan to use the CRISPR immune system of bacteria to find the same Spacer sequence in the phages and the bacteria, so as to establish a map of the interaction network between the two. In order to achieve this goal, they did three parts of work: 

- Establish a database
- Create an efficient search tool
- Establish a visual network map. First, when establishing the database, the team considered 26,773 sequences of 10,819 species of bacteria and 14,571 sequences of 12041 species of phage. Through the BLAST alignment algorithm, 22220 positive alignment records were obtained. Secondly, they provide a search function that supports multiple keywords. In order to speed up the search, team members put the above data into a database with a well-organized structure. Finally, to improve the user experience, the team established a website and implemented an interactive visual network graph function on the website.

 

 

The team members of Tongji_Software hope that with the help of Phage-MAP, doctors can quickly find the corresponding phage for patients infected with superbugs, and bring hope to patients.



 

 

 